RDoc-1355 Counters documentation (#900)
ravendb/docs: Documentation/4.1/Raven.Documentation.Pages/client-api/session/counters/delete.markdown

# Deleting a Counter  
---

{NOTE: }

> * A Counter is deleted when its document is deleted.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All the Counters for a document are deleted when the document is deleted.  
```

Author: fixed

> * You can also use the [CountersFor](../../../client-api/session/counters/overview#counter-methods-and-the--object).`Delete` method to remove a Counter from a document.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can also use the [CountersFor](../../../client-api/session/counters/overview#counter-methods-and-the--object).`Delete` method to remove a specific Counter from a document.  
```

Author: fixed
